you to the Alexa Hospital in central
Gaza where a spokesperson is giving a
briefing about these situations
specifically regarding a lack of fuel
interational organizations and the
United Nations and the International
Community that Al AXA hospital has of
only 50,000
fuels as a capacity however what we are
having right now is way less than that
Al AA Hospital needs more than 4,000
per day so that they can be able to
cater to patients and to pre to also
provide the needed treatments Al AA
hospitals provides treatment and care to
more than 200 patients including 600
injured and those who are also diagnosed
with kidney failure and they need
electricity so that they can have their
dialysis
dialysis treatment and this will stop
completely if we do not receive any fuel
we are calling from Al AXA hospital all
the international organizations and the
United Nations in order to send 50,000 F
liters of fuel before an imminent crisis
would take place here and the injured
will pay the price and the patients will
they pay the price all the patients at
the hospital will be condemned to death
especially those in
ICU and also in the incubators and those
who needs dialysis treatments this is
from alaa Hospital May
24th so we've been listening to the
spokesperson there for the alaka
hospital in central Gaza who've been
reporting on the fuel that is running
out